Jiangnan, I am really happy today.
What are you doing?
Let go of Nan Nan
What am I going to do? Don't you know?
I have liked you for a long time
Are you crazy? Is my mother your senior sister?
We are almost 20 years apart
I'll help you win the championship
Don't you know how much to pay?
Coach Liu, I'm not interested in you
Please let go
How is that possible?
You complain to me and let me help you win the championship
This village is cheap, he is not fake
As long as you are with me
Tell your mother you like me too
We will always be together
At that time, you will be the whole Dragon City boxing ring
I'm not interested in what you have to say
Let go of me Lin Wenli
He has now lost his eligibility for the UFC
I've sacrificed so much for you
Are you still not satisfied?
What do you mean?
How is it possible that you did what happened to Lin Wenli?
He did it to win the game
He brought it upon himself.
Liu Hongtao, I don't like you
I won't be with you
If you don't let me go, what will you do?